the first training with kombu today how
was it yeah went really good really
enjoyed the first training I've been
shown everything through the building
and I met the players they're really
good and I feel very happy after first
day what do you expect from your time
here at Camp you yeah I expect a lot
because it's as well we the convoy is
seven from the league and we try so is
the plan of thing we tried to play there
we tried to go higher we tried to win a
lot of games and I was make the fans and
supporters happy I think you spoke with
Bruce nak he was from city as well what
did he tell you about cumbia
he told me like that he really liked it
liked it and he really enjoyed the time
here and he was very happy and he said
that I should come here and I should do
it and it was also very happy and he
said it's he felt like in a family here
and the players supported him all the
time so it's good did you come here with
a certain ambition do you want to
achieve something here yeah it came like
as I said before just that I want to win
a lot of games and Vasco goes in assists
but my importance to win the games and
help the team and also make the
supporters happy in the fans you were at
the lead squad at Manchester that means
you were at the first 30 from squad with
what purpose did Manchester put you on
loan yes I thought because the time I'm
can hear I can play like firstly hold on
football and the set meters would be
would be really good for my development
so I said yeah of course and as combo
came it's like similar we play like
similar than here we try to play
football we don't just kick the balls
and it's also similar to combo here and
that's why I really liked and I didn't
think twice to come here so it's a style
that fits your play can you describe
what kind of player you are kind of
player like I like I like to get the
ball like to be on the ball I like
always to have the ball and my technique
is going to like and I'm I'm a team
player I like to help the team a lot and
I just try to just have fun and play
football what position do you prefer
I've any attacking what I prefer most
attacking midfielder like being the
striker but also like to play a win
and are you right foot or left foot and
right for them yeah and I heard you can
take a free-kick pretty well yeah I know
I've got a few free kicks this season
and I have to practice more and
hopefully a score more and also hope I
can score here as well did you see a
ruse knacks free kick here at combi yeah
I saw it so I my thanks to him often he
said you have to do I have to take his
free kicks now